well after watching live molt his video
I thought laughter I forgot this led
plates idea but after trying some solder
that I found well it didn't work out so
I thought hang on a minute what about a
broken gel cell 12 volt gel battery
which is this one which I've taken a
power you can see the internals there
and so with two plates of that side and
I neutralized them in some baking soda
and then made up the album and distilled
water mixture and the thing works out
really quite well as a turn this around
you can see the brown that's developed
there no I'm doing at the moment is a
bit of a test using car battery that was
converted to alum and at the moment
there is run the cell right down so
here's a little motor that were trying
it on if I can act on
I had a second if I connect up you'll
see that it doesn't do anything it's now
flat there's no LED flashing and there's
no nothing however you can supercharge
these things if I connect up to the
battery I'm gonna some about nine point
three volts and I like that because we
use the battery all yesterday I'm not
charged it off I'm actually charging up
using those panels I'm charging up this
other battery at the moment so if I
connect up to the other one about nine
point three volts and what you'll see if
the gas is being produced of the
positive which mm you know probably
isn't very safe for it but is bother
this is healthy stuff
they just let it do that a few seconds
and then we'll try it on the motor again
the thing charge is octavo well what is
it about 1.8 volts and then goes down to
about 1.3 and sits there for quite a
while but the amperage is pretty good on
the thing about 20 milliamps same as the
motor was saying so now I'll disconnect
that's just a few seconds oh yeah that's
the one as the other and now we can add
the motor wait a second ago
and that we are the light is on bright
you can see and after we spin and the
circuit for this now it's based on
magnet man's idea of the rotor and it's
that circuit there it's a modified
modified self start pulse motor based on
smart creations 20 tons SS 1 CC and with
motors work so now we are on Z I thought
that was ha the rapid charge is amazing
now if we go back to this which I
thought was just gonna be used for the
plates you know mr. gel cell so but
these white pass here we're all dried up
and I thought what about converting the
whole thing to Alan so this is sitting
in a bath there of element distilled
water and you might have seen the
picture I'll I'll post at the end of the
video that there was there's nothing
left on it ok if I really wanna blocking
off side so now four point four volts so
this thing appears to be a rejuvenated
gel cell battery and I've not seen one
Don so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
cover the pieces put the pieces back
onto him and seal it up glue it or
whichever way around and hopefully I
will return battery at least give it a
try so there we ice back up to four
point 4 volts
oh and just to prove that this battery
does have something about it
well connect it up to the Volta now yeah
the lights on
listen to that thing that is so powerful
now by the way this is the connection
side oh well see it's too powerful proof
enough I hope now the gel cell can be
brought back and yeah this on this side
here is the charge port and your charge
of things like any MH batteries really
quite well there's another little
function on that circuit of the modified
cell Starfall smelter so look at this
make of that thing very happy indeed
with this battery alright thanks for
watching
you